[Applause]
thank you hi I'm Jimmy this is Billy I
was out last week because this guy had a
hard surgery but look he's fine
everybody
he may have pooped but he's fine
and I want to thank Chris Pratt and
Tracee Ellis Ross and Neil Patrick
Harris and Melissa McCarthy for filling
in for us last week each of them they
each gave a full day of their very busy
lives to give me time off and I'm
grateful to them for doing that and
daddy cries on TV but Billy does
and we also want to thank the the very
bright and talented doctors and nurses
at Children's Hospital for who treated
Billie and not just Billie many kids
with so much caring and compassion
children from every income level whose
health is especially threatened right
now because of something you've probably
never heard of it's called chip chip is
the Children's Health Insurance Program
it covers around it comes around nine
million American kids whose parents make
too much money to qualify for Medicaid
but don't have access to coverage
affordable coverage that our jobs which
means it almost certainly covers
children you know about one in eight
children are covered only by chip and
it's not controversial it's not a
partisan thing fact the last time
funding for chip was authorized was in
2015 it passed with a vote of 392 to 337
in the house and 92 to 8 in the Senate
overwhelmingly Democrats and Republicans
supported it until now now chip has
become a bargaining chip it's on the
back burner while they work out their
new tax plans betweens parents of
children with cancer and diabetes and
heart problems are about to get letters
saying their coverage could be cut off
next month Merry Christmas right so this
happened because Congress about 72 days
ago failed to approve funding for chip
since the first time since it was
created two decades ago this is
literally a life and death program for
American kids it's always had bipartisan
support but this year they let the money
for it expire while they work on getting
tax cuts for their millionaire and
billionaire donor donors and imagine
getting out letter literally not knowing
how you'll be able to afford to save
your child's life there's not a
hypothetical about two million chip kids
have serious chronic conditions I don't
know what you I've had enough of this I
don't know what could be more disgusting
than putting a tax cut that mostly goes
to rich people ahead of the lives of
children why hasn't chip been funded or
ready if these were potato chips they
were taking away from us we would be
marching on Washington with pitchforks
and Spears right now so once again I'm
asking you Billy's asking you to make
two phone calls you shouldn't have to
make jam the House and Senate phones
tonight
tomorrow as long as it takes tell them
to take a break from tax
cuts for a minute and fully fund chip
immediately call your representatives in
the House and Senate at this number you
can get to vote leave messages for both
of them don't let them keep pushing it
off they need to fund chip now and I
also want to remind everyone that Friday
is the last day to enroll in the
affordable health care plan in spite of
president Trump's efforts to sweep it
under his rug Obamacare is not dead it's
very much alive millions of people
qualify for reduced rate or even totally
free plans but the only have four days
left to sign up so if you do not have
health insurance go to healthcare.gov
and get it you have to do it by December
15th and by the way if you don't do it
you will pay a penalty of at least 695
dollars next year if you don't have
insurance so do it and right Billy do it
and Billy's doing great by the way he
has one more surgery a week ago they say
he's probably on track to win at least a
bronze medal in the Olympics and so by
the way Carol you want to come take
Billy for me yes sir okay it's starting
to get a little too while you're at it
and remember what no don't get him under
the arms just yeah there you go and
remember back to front
okay okay all right thank you all right
there you go baby
the two cutest Guillermo is in the world
right there